howdy my name is Dan Lee cart ma'am the  day-trip death I take my three kids on  educational based adventures all over  the United States and world if I think  they're gonna learn something we're all  in on this adventure my oldest son and I  are off to the base of the Great Rift  Valley to live with the HUD zombie the  last of the hunter-gatherer is in Africa  their way of life is closest to how we  live for 99% of human history in the  place where our species evolved this is  edited and long-form to make you feel  like you're right there with us so by  all means let's go where are we netted  Africa  [Music]  every level  here we go  touching down in Kenya  what's exactly like the last airport  immigration that's the way hopefully  we'll get a little lucky some of the  weather  hey Dad one two three go  [Music]  [Music]  yeah  Hey Dude how long you been traveling  right now okay and here's still fresh  here or back home  [Music]  you know in the ranking  with dark shadows yeah  dark  right  [Music]  bathroom break  I said I only get it I got  never seen pigeon  where are we headed we're going to visit  the hodza yeah how long is it going to  take about five hours  [Music]  [Music]  sure they're taking right there  [Music]  [Music]  I'm scared I think you should be a  little bit you know this ones they use  through the people supposed to know  people's I walk around so then already  [Music]  stairs like if you carrying the foods on  your hand they're gonna try and take it  and if you don't want to give to them  this might be the attack but otherwise  which  [Music]  I did indeed ship with its ability to  see  minotaurs it  [Music]  so we've reached the end of the road you  slept through all of the off roads how  could you sleep through that one where  to meet up with the hodza  you've got so much stuff to carry well  they're gonna come  not on the train or now football but I'm  not even up for it right now but nah  baby Kiki I'm not being put up quick  yeah yeah yeah  oh mama  summon  okay  and  let it a little web call right now I'm  not it this is gonna be your boat  oh I another I might call about a limit  with the Oracle it's gonna be too big  for me No  Oh  [Music]  [Applause]  if we are look  [Music]  [Music]  dad once my arrow ended this close to a  tree hey you think you can hit that  target yeah I think so  get the hang of that pretty far  yeah  nice hey Kumiko Oh  [Music]  laughs I'm the king shiny whether the  carpool buddy cheap  I don't  what are we gonna do right now  eat chicken Chuck's chicken South gonna  see it so how does it work we I don't  know I don't know what we'll have to  figure it out with the heater inside of  it pop a little water but we have water  right we can always go outside full jug  okay here's your pop quiz how do you  save water I'm not gonna say it  you're not gonna say it I'll give you a  hint huh a TV yeah  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  yeah when you took your nap last night  guess what you did you were laying on  half my boat you were laying on my boat  [Applause]  I don't know get it well I don't know  it's about a very good  I'd say two feet is I'm not listening  no two feet or more so would you fall  into it isn't stop there yeah like sink  oh man  no quicksand  yeah let's get out here  how'd it go christen nothing happy  they're not going in the quicksand  how aware  look at all absorbin it is now I can  jump on that  you want to know why it's like this is  because the river is straight here  and then it takes a turn and then it is  a positive saw the finding said event  right here are just very very small  things of sand so that's why it's good  for the well sands later  from their residents  the trees it's difficult to tell if  there be easy  yeah he's calling the honeyguide Boyd  these empty logs and we set up this  beehive it's unclear to me  if the hots I did this or the deco they  did this  it looks like there  [Music]  my head into my scalp just SEC I was  mentioning earlier  [Music]  [Applause]  [Applause]  ha ha shoo shoo hi-yah today I shall  report some tubers  this higher that they keep they think  there's honey in there I don't see any  bees sore about it  Cheers that gets you get can chew it  juices come on spit it out  Oh  hey okay I'm done Oh God  Hey  so we can see how upset they are they're  coming out and stinging the first thing  that they see yeah  Oh  Krita table locker  [Music]  [Music]  so about the question  top three hours  so these publicly refer to  Africanized or killer bees  not what I  anyway  he's got stung in the moon  [Music]  cata collaborative you let's eat up  [Music]  chip to chip that I missed a lot it  actually just harvested a little bit I'm  not saying they pulled off quite Robin  without time I do  quality in the debit column  see I'm gonna come quality know what  usually like these things  I missed it again we just heard a swarm  of bees sounds like a helicopter or  something  okay this is a poop for the dick dick a  small antelope but usually they share  with a big antelope like gazelle and the  impala you can see this big poop this  for the Impala but they share a same  area for the poop normally they go in  the same place not everywhere so this is  all poop you're standing on from right  yes I'm standing on the proof  careful jack so you're right  yeah  [Laughter]  [Music]  [Music]  yeah  oh wait this is way better like this  mm-hmm  that's right sure okay you can have it  there's a little more flavoring a lot of  water  now I notice the outer part is I just  noticed it's corn this is plastic so  these just knock out the small birds I  just don't want to pierce it a better  chance of hitting it there's two  different kinds of razors in a bigger  one with a sharper point  [Applause]  [Music]  look  [Applause]  [Music]  hi  so I got scraped by some thorns I'd say  so  definitely sharper than cactuses and  more hooky cactuses are just straight  yeah they were straight  check it take a look at mine on the back  here this I got stabbed right there this  by one of these things look at those  right there yeah  yeah  [Music]  [Applause]  is to go before you kill them yes we can  help us pay it back making a stick  Jackson and yet our off shooting at  Birds one of them knows what they're  doing and the other doesn't  I'll let you decide who is her hey Jax  look they got something get lost have  enough Club money  [Music]  good  yeah yeah so right here I think have one  snack love it  send this in  oh yeah just sharing this bale Bev and  this is good this is really good this is  gonna be the next health craze look on  the back I cannot miss our main deck  putting its intestines back in so yeah  if I can hold it  you said go go cool off a book tell me  how much oh yeah doctor  the stingless bee you can't really see  it really cutting through the pale bed  to get to the stingless bee honey  sonna technique he used us to dig the  hole which is already filled with water  he emptied all the water and then  allowed it to refill you've been at this  several hours yeah that's good to go  Jackson while we were jumping we got  some more food I could talk it's cool so  this man has been shopping a very long  time for this stingless bee honey I want  to tell you what this guy's name is his  name is Bala Quila  rap today they corrected me because the  stingless bee honey has a different name  but one could assume he is very  dedicated for their effort that was a  heck of a lot of work  Oh  [Music]  I'm sure you getting eggs this goes back  to the camp now taking potshots at  anything moves along the way don't worth  it today and eggs I'm just preparing  what we killed for cooking removing all  the feathers stew  some of Olli being prepared that we  brought them as payment I'm eating dip a  little this is very Tanzanian it had I  wouldn't drop it has the leaves anywhere  harvesting as well this morning I was a  lot of work for meat that was gone in  about 30 seconds  so our trip is come to an end we hiked  back 20 25 minutes to where we parked  the car the HUD Xabi helped us carry all  of our equipment and supplies and  packing up and heading out